readme.md, before:



Introduction
============
This is a tool for rendering the graphs of the bandaged 3x3x3 cube puzzles.
It assumes basic knowledge of the bandage cube concepts and hex notation.

Before using this software please read the Ladislav Dubravský's [introduction](https://github.com/ladislavdubravsky/bandaged-cube-explorer) and [blog](https://ladislavdubravsky.wordpress.com/category/bandaged-3x3s/)

The "all\_cubes.csv" is generated by processing "Bandage\_List.xls" file from [twistypuzzles forum](http://www.twistypuzzles.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=387776#p387776).

Example images
==============
![300C0180600C03i](images/300C0180600C03i.jpg)
![10000000000003](images/10000000000003.jpg)
![1000008020042D](images/1000008020042D.jpg)
![100180800005AD](images/100180800005AD.jpg)
![100180802C042D](images/100180802C042D.jpg)
![100586802C3401](images/100586802C3401.jpg)
![1680008C2FB461](images/1680008C2FB461.jpg)
![168001FC3FBFE1](images/168001FC3FBFE1.jpg)
![30000010048883](images/30000010048883.jpg)
![22006F100000C6](images/22006F100000C6.jpg)
![182800000](images/182800000.jpg)
![80200000](images/80200000.jpg)
![80200000i](images/80200000i.jpg)
![F7A00401](images/F7A00401.jpg)


Over 100 bandage cubes:[PDF](images/some_named_bandaged_cubes.pdf)
Several isometric cubes:[PDF](images/some_isometric_drawings.pdf)

Over 2000 bandage cubes in a [250MB archive of pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SLcX1A35xX8fnC6Do4t7JdjtlQFfSqO1/view?usp=sharing).

Another large [archive with almost 3000](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ro7-i6LEaqVpmWsyp3mSQUPxy_7sKCtq/view?usp=sharing) bandage cubes with isometric drawing of the cubes is available.

Example usage
=============

Detailed help:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py -h
```

To generate pdf images of several bandaged cubes (Meffert Bicube and Equator cube):
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --file_format pdf 33EC01800846 300C0000000C03
```

To generate SVG image of cab5-5 cube:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --file_format svg --skip_legend_draw 22006F100000C6
```

To generate pdf for all named bandage cubes where the graph has less then 10000 nodes from the csv file:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --process_csv_file all_cubes.csv --file_format pdf  --skip_cubes_without_names --filter_by_number_of_nodes 0-10000 
```

To generate isometric drawing of all bandaged cubes where the graph has less than 2000 nodes from the csv file:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --cube_draw_projection isometric --filter_by_number_of_nodes 0-2000 --process_csv_file all_cubes.csv --file_format pdf
```


For more information, search for the topics about bandage cubes
on[forum](http://twistypuzzles.com/~sandy/forum/), visit [budlcuber2 weblog](https://budlcuber2.blogspot.com/search/label/Bandage%20Cube%20Kit) and [an archived blog post](https://web.archive.org/web/20150307203141/http://twistypuzzling.blogspot.com/2013/07/the-best-value-twisty-puzzle-ever.html).



The file "all\_cubes.csv" is generated based on the "Bandage List.xls" from http://www.twistypuzzles.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=33692

Requirements
============

* pydot and graphviz with cairo enabled
* networkx library
* svgwrite library
* bce library from https://github.com/ladislavdubravsky/bandaged-cube-explorer

The software has been tested on Linux.

Commit message:

small corrections; added Zcube bandaged versions A,B,C

readme.md, after:



Introduction
============
This is a tool for rendering the graphs of the bandaged 3x3x3 cube puzzles.
It assumes basic knowledge of the bandage cube concepts and hex notation.

Before using this software please read the Ladislav Dubravský's [introduction](https://github.com/ladislavdubravsky/bandaged-cube-explorer) and [blog](https://ladislavdubravsky.wordpress.com/category/bandaged-3x3s/)

The "all\_cubes.csv" is generated by processing "Bandage\_List.xls" file from [twistypuzzles forum](http://www.twistypuzzles.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=387776#p387776).

For more information, search for the topics about bandage cubes
on [forum](http://twistypuzzles.com/~sandy/forum/), visit [budlcuber2 weblog](https://budlcuber2.blogspot.com/search/label/Bandage%20Cube%20Kit) and [an archived blog post about the Cubetwist DIY Bandage kit](https://web.archive.org/web/20150307203141/http://twistypuzzling.blogspot.com/2013/07/the-best-value-twisty-puzzle-ever.html).



Example images
==============
![300C0180600C03i](images/300C0180600C03i.jpg)
![10000000000003](images/10000000000003.jpg)
![1000008020042D](images/1000008020042D.jpg)
![100180800005AD](images/100180800005AD.jpg)
![100180802C042D](images/100180802C042D.jpg)
![100586802C3401](images/100586802C3401.jpg)
![1680008C2FB461](images/1680008C2FB461.jpg)
![168001FC3FBFE1](images/168001FC3FBFE1.jpg)
![30000010048883](images/30000010048883.jpg)
![22006F100000C6](images/22006F100000C6.jpg)
![182800000](images/182800000.jpg)
![80200000](images/80200000.jpg)
![80200000i](images/80200000i.jpg)
![F7A00401](images/F7A00401.jpg)


Over 100 bandage cubes:[PDF](images/some_named_bandaged_cubes.pdf)
Several isometric cubes:[PDF](images/some_isometric_drawings.pdf)

Over 2000 bandage cubes in a [250MB archive of pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SLcX1A35xX8fnC6Do4t7JdjtlQFfSqO1/view?usp=sharing).

Another large [archive with almost 3000](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ro7-i6LEaqVpmWsyp3mSQUPxy_7sKCtq/view?usp=sharing) bandage cubes with isometric drawing of the cubes is available.

Example usage
=============

Detailed help:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py -h
```

To generate pdf images of several bandaged cubes (Meffert Bicube and Equator cube):
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --file_format pdf 33EC01800846 300C0000000C03
```

To generate SVG image of cab5-5 cube:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --file_format svg --skip_legend_draw 22006F100000C6
```

To generate pdf for all named bandage cubes where the graph has less then 10000 nodes from the csv file:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --process_csv_file all_cubes.csv --file_format pdf  --skip_cubes_without_names --filter_by_number_of_nodes 0-10000 
```

To generate isometric drawing of all bandaged cubes where the graph has less than 2000 nodes from the csv file:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py --cube_draw_projection isometric --filter_by_number_of_nodes 0-2000 --process_csv_file all_cubes.csv --file_format pdf
```

To generate the Zcube bandaged versions A,B,C:
```
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py "1.0.0,1.0.0,0.2.2;1.0.0,1.0.0,0.2.2;0.3.3,0.3.3,0.0.0" #Z-cube bandaged A
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py "1.2.2,3.4.5,6.4.5;1.7.7,3.4.8,6.4.8;0.9.9,10.11.12,10.11.12" #Z-cube bandaged B (bicube)
python3 paul_cube_bandaged_graph.py "0.0.0,0.0.0,0.0.0;0.0.0,0.1.1,0.1.1;0.0.0,0.1.1,0.1.1" #Z-cube bandaged C
```


The file "all\_cubes.csv" is generated based on the "Bandage List.xls" from http://www.twistypuzzles.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=33692

Requirements
============

* pydot and graphviz with cairo enabled
* networkx library
* svgwrite library
* bce library from https://github.com/ladislavdubravsky/bandaged-cube-explorer

The software has been tested on Linux.
